Archive of Our Own
On the Archive of Our Own (AO3), users can create works, bookmarks, comments, tags, and otherContent. Any information you publish on AO3 may be accessible by the public, AO3 users, and/or AO3 personnel. Be mindful when sharing personal information, including but not limited to your name, email, age, location, personal relationships, gender or sexual identity, racial or ethnic background, religious or political views, and/or account usernames for other sites.
To learn more, check out ourTerms of Service, including theContent PolicyandPrivacy Policy.
I have read & understood the 2024 Terms of Service, including the Content Policy and Privacy Policy.
By checking this box, you consent to the processing of your personal data in the United States and other jurisdictions in connection with our provision of AO3 and its related services to you. You acknowledge that the data privacy laws of such jurisdictions may differ from those provided in your jurisdiction. For more information about how your personal data will be processed, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
I agree/consent to these Terms
Main Content
While we've done our best to make the core functionality of this site accessible without JavaScript, it will work better with it enabled. Please consider turning it on!
Archive of Our Ownbeta
Log In
Remember Me
Forgot password?Get an Invitation
FandomsAll FandomsAnime & MangaBooks & LiteratureCartoons & Comics & Graphic NovelsCelebrities & Real PeopleMoviesMusic & BandsOther MediaTheaterTV ShowsVideo GamesUncategorized FandomsBrowseWorksBookmarksTagsCollectionsSearchWorksBookmarksTagsPeopleAboutAbout UsNewsFAQWrangling GuidelinesDonate or VolunteerWork Searchtip: buffy gen teen AND "no archive warnings apply"
All FandomsAnime & MangaBooks & LiteratureCartoons & Comics & Graphic NovelsCelebrities & Real PeopleMoviesMusic & BandsOther MediaTheaterTV ShowsVideo GamesUncategorized Fandoms
WorksBookmarksTagsCollections
WorksBookmarksTagsPeople
About UsNewsFAQWrangling GuidelinesDonate or Volunteer
Work Searchtip: buffy gen teen AND "no archive warnings apply"
Skip header
Actions
Chapter by ChapterCommentsShareDownloadDownloadAZW3EPUBMOBIPDFHTML
Download
AZW3EPUBMOBIPDFHTML
Work Header
Teen And Up Audiences
No Archive Warnings Apply
Multi
Dungeons & Dragons (Roleplaying Game)Original Work
Original Dungeons & Dragons Character(s)Original Human Character(s) (Dungeons & Dragons)Original Elf Character(s) (Dungeons & Dragons)Archfey Characters (Dungeons & Dragons)Original Monk Character(s) (Dungeons & Dragons)
Hijinks & ShenanigansSlow BurnFast BurnHeartbreakPiningSuggestive Themeseverything bagelChampion of MyrkulHurtFluffSecret IdentityIdentity RevealAction/AdventureSparringFantasyMagicPOV First PersonPOV Third PersonPOV Alternating
Pan's Shenaniganery
Zweihorn
Summary:
Short stories I've written for/about my DnD Character,  level 8+ Monk, certified chaos gremlin "Pan".
Honestly, this work has everything except actual explicit content. There's no telling what is actual canon in our home game and what isn't. This is the work where everything is made up and consistency doesn't matter.
The stories are ordered after when I wrote them, so connecting stories might not follow each other (looking at you Equadorius).
Chapter 1: Backstory
Summary:
The (almost) original backstory to Pan, the main source of trouble.
Notes:
21 Oct 2022 - 1185 words
(See the end of the chapter formore notes.)
Chapter Text
Pan is a younger man with bronze skin, deep brown eyes and short brown hair. He tries to be something that isn't much to look at but, despite his scrawny appearance, if you clean him up a bit, he is quite pretty, with clever eyes and smooth skin. And if you then put him in some expensive clothes, he almost would fit well into high society.
Only once one hears his full name you would guess he actuallybelongsthere: Panagiotis-Thanassis Bert Jazrueltehd, Eleventh Lord of Millguard and second of his name.
First of the name had been his grand-father four times over (the sixth Lord).
Pan never had much interest in the wealth of his parents. He was tired of the banquets, audiences, pretended niceties and empty words. One could only do so much with money.
His parents put a lot of money into his education, physical and mental, to keep him happy and most importantly busy, so he didn’t wreck some part of the mansion in boredom. He most enjoyed the lessons he could use in normal life – so not the ones his parents wanted him to internalize like social etiquette and court protocol. A good amount of lessons were aimed at eating up his never-ending amount of energy, and many masters have taught Pan over the years in different fighting styles, both armed and unarmed. The teachings of the old halfling Monk Xieni Tenspirit were most fulfilling for him, so eventually his parents only kept her on payroll.
On the mental side, his parents tried honing many different skills, but their fight against his tendency towards trickery and chaos was never won. They succeeded in teaching him calligraphy, history and a lot about nature. Their only real downfalls were religion and languages.

His parents (Taraxacum-Isteris and Salixia Jadari) are the Duke and Duchess of Millguard, a larger settlement in the Southeast of Algoria. It’s near the ocean and thriving thanks to the local agriculture and the export of crops mostly by ship. The city also harbors many different craftsmen, many of high renown as the Jazrueltehds invested in them moving there. Nevertheless a lot of the people are working the fields, as even that is quite lucrative there. Pan’s parents try to keep the poverty low and supply the villagers when necessary. Most of the taxes travel back to the community and only a small amount goes into the family’s pockets. As the Duchess was a powerful negotiator, she mostly grew the family’s wealth by trading.
The city is rarely involved in conflict, acting peacefully towards others but still capable of defending itself when threatened. Once upon a time the city had been encircled by a wall but with the population growing the wall had eventually been torn down. Now the city stretches east to the smaller town of Millcoast which is defined by its harbor and shipyard.

At seventeen Pan left to travel the world. He dislikes showing and using his heritage, only introducing himself as Pan, Thanis or whatever name he came up with. This has two reasons: 1) he doesn’t want to get pulled back into high society and 2) he doesn’t want people to make a connection between him and his family lest he sully their good name.
Only in very rare cases he pulls out the signet ring and his pedigree to get an audience with whatever important people he needs things from, but in these cases he cleans himself up first, making him almost unrecognizable to his daily, adventuring self.
Most of the time his clothing isn’t anything to look at: Cotton pants and shirt, a leather west and a fur cloak making him look twice his size. He carries a simple-looking longsword, the shaft wrapped tightly with cloth looking like it has to be wrapped. Unwrapping the shaft would reveal high quality craftsmanship and the family crest, as well as Pan’s initials obscured by ornaments. The sword is perfectly balanced, never dulls thanks to magic and Pan never distances himself from it more than a few meters, never letting it out of his field of vision.
Furthermore, Pan wears a small key strung onto a necklace. The key is for a box he keeps in a sewed off pocket in his bag. The box itself looks like a worn wood box, but that is only the outer layer. It is actually made of hardened steel and is only barely breakable. Inside of it is his signet ring hidden. His parents have a spare key so in case he ever lost it he only had to write home to get it.
In his bag one can find a set clothes from the finer side, but they were stuffed in the bottom and rarely used. They aren’t really clothes for a noble, but certainly a step up from his usual attire for sure. In the rare occasions he would need something fitting a noble, he would find some to rent out. Then one can find a box with different tinker’s tools: some sewing needles and thread, a whetstone, pliers, and so on. These were used often and replaced just as much. And tucked in a side pocket is a ring with thieves’ tools.
There is another box, bigger, with the format of sheets. The case looks nicely made but worn. The front once had some decorative carving but by now one could only guess the decoration. Inside the case are clean papers, a simple quill – often replaced – a small bottle with ink, and a block of wax to seal letters. If Pan wanted he could mold the wax with the signet ring to create official documents, but he rarely did. Pan’s writing can be incredibly neat like the writing of scribes, and sometimes Pan takes on work as a scribe, copying books and writing official letters, but since he considered it incredibly boring, there were rare occasions.

He often gets into trouble for shenanigans which are never too serious, but nevertheless he has spent the odd night in a dungeon. People also sometimes grow suspicious of him when they start looking through his pretense of lower to middle class origin. Once his lie about not having a last name got him into trouble with a ring of bandits who thought he was a spy after seeing him giving up a letter to the Jazrueltehd-family – even if he was just writing his parents at the time.
Pan regularly writes his parents, every other week he tries to send a letter and sometimes some of his loot back to them. A lot of times Pan is stingy on the details, and paints a better picture of what happened than the truth. This way his parents know approximately what he is up to and where. And the same way he knows the most important things happening in Millguard.

Pan comes home every winter for the winter solstice (21st) and then his birthday (25th). Since his 16th birthday his parents also host a ball two days after his birthday to find him a wife. It hasn’t worked out yet.
Notes:
Pan started out as a very simple idea "Monk but noble", since normally Monks are of the outlander or hermit background. I originally created him as a level 8 character (since we around that level in our campaign). Mechanically he is a Kensei Monk, definitely good aligned and at heart he will always be chaotic.Since I created him, he lives rent free in my head, and he is a monster, but I love him to pieces.
Chapter 2: Pan gets recruited
Summary:
Pan gets recruited into the local adventuring guild
Notes:
23 Oct 2022 - 2335 words
(See the end of the chapter formore notes.)
Chapter Text
»You’ll get in here when you bring us the treasure at the bottom of Rosend Depths«, the guy said, thinking he could scare me off. But that only showed that he didn’t know me. And I knew where Rosend Depths-Lake was.
On the way there I put my bag in the inn I was renting a room at. I only took my clothes and my sword, and made my way to the lake.

The lake was fairly big on the surface but it wasdeep. And I wasfast, even in the water.
Arriving at the lake, I put down my cloak and within a couple of seconds I was in the middle of it. I took a deep breath like Xieni had taught me and dove down.
It got dark quickly and I didn’t have a light but when the Kraken opened its eye everything was bright as daylight.
I hadn’t known there was a Kraken so my first thought was: »Oh shit!«
My second thought was: »Oh shiny!«, when I saw a golden, mechanical orb sinking to the ground after it had lain on the Kraken previously. Quickly I dove after it and just managed to pocket it before it could vanish into the darkness once again.
But just as I wrapped my fingers around the thing, the Kraken wrapped one of it’s arms around my leg. The orb landed in my pocket and in a smooth motion I drew my sword and ducked under another tentacle. Then I turned around and my sword cut clean through the arm holding me. My next strike managed to hit a sensitive nerve point which stuns the creature. I use the time to dash upwards.
The lake water had gotten muddied by the movement of the giant beast so I couldn’t see the tentacle that suddenly hit me with such force I was catapulted out of the water faster than I could have ever swam. But about as equally quick I hit the water surface again and that hurt.
Again the Kraken wrapped his arm around me, this time around my stomach, and pulled me under. And like the idiot I was, I inhaled a bunch of water.
A scuffle broke out in which I managed to get free but not out of the water despite trying. Eventually it was the Kraken that kicked me out: Instead of it a vertical throw, it was a horizontal one and a second later I crashed against a tree standing a bit further away. The next thing I did was to loose consciousness.

I woke in a dimly lit room. I sat up and gathered my bearings: my head hurt like after a night with dwarven spirit but otherwise I seemed unhurt. The orb from the bottom of the lake was still in my pocket but… My sword was gone.
Immediately I jumped up and the lights got brighter. Magic. Great.
The room had a desk in the middle with a chair on either side. Additionally there was the couch I had rested on and next to the door hung my coat on a coat rack
My sword was not with it – or anywhere in the room for that matter.
I tried the door but it was locked. So I sat down on the chair that faced the door, crossed my arms, put my feet on the table and waited. I was sure, the mages would know I was awake and would check on me soon.

Sure enough, a few minutes later, the door opened. A woman of around 70 years – human ones – entered. She had white hair tied in a braid that went over her shoulder to the front and down to her hip. Her clothes were of the ‘I’m an adventurer and I’m special’-category and she wore an eye patch.
»You took quite the slamming against that tree«, she said instead of a greeting. From the tone it was clear that she wanted more than just payment for the healing she had done and an explanation of what I had done in the lake in the first place.
»Yeah, the Kraken in the lake didn’t like that I took his toy«, I took my boots from the table.
The woman wasn’t surprised by the mention of the Kraken – what a disappointment.
»You were lucky«, she answered and came towards me.
»And who are you to assume that about me?«, my tone was friendly and I tilted my head to the side a bit.
»I am called Madame Kambera in these parts. And you can thank me for keeping that Kraken fed otherwise you would be his meal right now.«
»Thanks, I guess«, I leaned back on my chair: »And what made you lock me in this room?«
She smiled – a dangerous smile – and sat down across from me.
»You have talent, kid«, she began and suddenly slapped my sword on the table. I didn’t hide my surprise and disapproval.
»So you lock me inandtake my stuff?«, I wanted to reach for it but she pulled it back. Her hands were strong and battle-forged.
»I had to make sure you wouldn’t just up and vanish, kid.«
»Pan!«, I barked annoyed, »Since you obviously want something you can at least try and treat me with some respect!«
She made an apologizing hand motion and bowed her head in agreement; »You’re right, Pan. I do have an offer for you.«
I looked at her unconvinced.
»From your fight with the Kraken I can see your potential. I could use someone like you...«
I kept looking unconvinced, my arms crossed again.
»I’m part of a powerful organization dedicated on putting the connection between the planes back in order. You seem like someone who wants to fill his life with interesting experiences. You won’t get better anywhere else. Plus, you’ll have a place to return to; people gathering you when you crash against a tree next time; all the equipment you like; a stronger sword –«
I had to chuckle now. She half ignored it and finished: »How does that sound, Pan?«
She made the mistake of leaning back and leaving the sword on the table. In a quick motion I grabbed it and stood.
»Sounds like bullshit«, I answered, fixing it on my belt again. The cloth was untouched – good. I continued speaking with little to no pause: »Listen, do I look like my life bores me? Do you think that I actually want a group to hold me back? Like I am unhappy with my equipment? Your gang sounds nice and all but you don’t have anything that I would want.«
Kambera now rose too: »Look, kid – Pan. You would be better off with us. And if riches is what you want –«
At that I actually started laughing. »Thanks. But no. It’s not going to happen.«
And then I walked past the table and put on my cloak again: »I have everything I want. Have fun with your group but I am rather free.«
Kambera smiled: »You prefer cheap inn beds and rations over something proper? You don’t know real life, Pan. We can provide that.«
»You don’t know me, woman«, I answered factually and opened the door that was still unlocked. »Great sales pitch. You just got the wrong person.«
And with that I was out of the door and confidently walked down the unfamiliar hallway.

I made my way past a couple closed doors before coming to a crossroad. I took the one hall I could see the most open doors in. And as I passed I looked inside the rooms: there was a path to some arena; there was a dining hall and a kitchen.
The last door lead to a blacksmith’s workshop. As I looked inside my gaze was caught by a mechanical wyvern laying sprawled out on a desk. A shoulder of clockwork was exposed and a person was hunched over the creature, fiddling with tiny tools inside of it.
»I told you to keep still, you don’t want to have the gears spring out again, do you?«, the person told the wyvern. As a response the wyvern clicked, somehow sounding annoyed.
The person looked up and seemed surprised to see me. It was a female elf with long, brown hair and a golden, dangling earring, a jeweler's lens covering one eye.
»Oh, sorry, I didn’t hear you come in. If you’re looking for Iron, she is getting some snacks«, she said and took off the magnifying glass.
»Uhm no. I am just talking a look around.«
»I don’t think we have met yet, I’m Arkaniest«, she got up for a moment and we shook hands.
»I go by Pan; nice to meet you.«
»Pan? Huh. I haven’t heard of you yet. But I am still learning everyone’s names«, she said as she sat down again.
»Yeah, don’t worry about it. What are you working on?«, I asked before she noticed I didn’t belong.
»Ticker’s shoulder is making problems again. This one gear keeps grinding off. I can’t fixate it because it has to move along but that way it always springs out and the teeth break off«, she starts explaining and with a pair of tweezers pointed at one gear.
I had little knowledge about clockwork-things but it had always looked really cool so I had watched the clock maker at home many times.
»I can’t really say I know much about mechanics but … if I remember right, Moe would sometimes put something like rubber over gears like that.«
»Rubber? I haven’t heard of that yet«, she sounded dismissive.
»He said it would give the gear more grip but at the same time allow it to move better – like around, left and right. But you need to make sure to keep it can still turn properly so it doesn’t grind on the stick in the middle«, I pointed to the center rod.
Arkaniest looked at me doubting, put on her eye glass again and bowed over the wyvern. I watched her for a bit as she started to inspect the mechanism around it. But a few moments later I began looking at the other things in the workshop: blades of all kinds laid between unfinished household objects like pans and pots. There were chains of different sizes, and even some jewelry. That blacksmith working here seemed to know what they were doing.
»That might actually work!«, Arkaniest shouted excited and the moment I turned to her, the clockwork suddenly jumped out and into her face. She cursed and immediately started gathering the parts that had fallen off the table.
»You wouldn’t believe how often that happens to me.«
»Oh, I do. Every third clock Moe opened exploded in his face. Something about tension and springs?«, I helped her gather the cogs that had rolled in my direction.
»Exactly that. Thank you«, she said as I handed her some.
While reaching under some shelf to pull out a cog and some spiderwebs my eyes fell on a bottle of sword-oil in the back of the lowest shelf. I took that out too and uncorked it after getting up. The smell was familiar reminding me of Brassy’s workshop back home.
»Do you mind if I used some?«, I asked Arkaniest who was lining up all the parts.
»It’s Iron’s but I don’t think she’ll mind.«
I nodded and took my sword out, putting it on the whetstone. Looking over the sword I thankfully couldn’t find any damage from the Kraken fight. Then I took a piece of cloth and started to apply the oil diligently.
»Who are you?«, another woman suddenly asked. She was an elf as well and had strong arm that were currently carrying a plate of sandwiches. That must be Iron, I thought.
Arkaniest looked up too, confused.
»I’m Pan«, I smiled and waved lightly.
»You don’t know him?«, Arkaniest asked confused.
»No. Are you new in the organization?«, Iron asked me.
»Uhm...«, I didn’t really get time to speak. Iron had set down the plate and as she came closer she started shouting: »You’re using the last bottle of Dihkaor Baltufk’s sword-oil!«,
So it was from Brassy!
»Do you know how hard it is to get that?! He doesn’t sell that to anyone and you’re just using it for your –«, her rant came to an abrupt stop as she lifts up the tip of the sword and
became wide eyed.
»Oh! That's good work...«, she muttered and tried to take the sword from me, pushing me aside. But I didn't just let go of my sword.
»Sorry for using the oil, I can pay you for it, although I just took a bit.«
»Shush, let me look at the sword«, she commanded and tried once more to push me away again. Careful not to cut her, I pulled it back and sheath the blade.
»Sorry, it's mine.«
Iron looked at me with sad puppy eyes.
»I could also write down a recipe for a sword oil, but I don't know if it would compare to your Dihkaor’s or what was his name?« It would be exactly like his recipe but I couldn’t really tell her that, could I?
She looked doubtful: »No, it’s fine. To be honest, I doubt it will be any good.«
»That is fair. Then I thank you for your generosity and apologize for my ignorance. I should probably get going«, and I was already walking towards the door.
»Alright, see you around. Come back and show me that sword some day!«, Iron called probably not realizing what she was doing right now.
On the way past the table, I stole a sandwich and waved them goodbye. Then I was out the door, continuing my way with a quick pace.
At the end of the hallway was a huge door and I knew an entrance or exit when I saw one. I heard a sudden: »WAIT!« when I slipped outside.



Art made by the incredible@kusanyagii(on Twitter or Ko-Fi)
Notes:
Shout out to the beautiful and stunning "The Other Side" animatics from @Kemirii_png on Youtube that had a big influence on the scene with Kambera. (There was another animatic to the same song, by another artist, but that video got deleted :'( )
Pan did end up joining the organization after some guy tried to steal his dog (long story), but he has "negotiated" with Kambera that he can fully cut ties with it should he want to.
After joining Pan also messed with Iron more, eventually making her believe he's a ghost. He did apologize to her just before she started putting up wards in her workshop.The orb turned out to be a pretty powerful magic item which doesn't really appear in the short stories, but it did save Pan's life once.The last part of (Pan meeting Arkaniest) was an actual RP that my DM and I did later on
Chapter 3: Spring Festival
Summary:
Pan visits the Wolkrim Spring Festival and the local Fey Prince takes an interest in him.
Notes:
23.03.2023 - 1996 words
Chapter Text
It was early spring. The ground was still frozen but the snow had melted the last days just in time for the spring festival to wake Gaia. I had arrived in Wolkrim three days earlier, taking on a job to get rid of a Feymire Boar that had started nesting on some of the field in the past winter and that had started to attack the nearby houses.
They had written out that job for a while and I was the one who managed to slay the boar, after a few groups – including the guards – had tried and got badly injured or even killed in the process.
The fight had indeed been a tough and I had received me a bad slash over the face, causing me to bleed heavily in the face when I dragged myself and a trophy back to the nearest guard post. They had called for a healer and he kept me from scaring, but for the moment my face was still bandaged up.
The next day, as I was resting in one of the taverns, I got an invitation to the festival closed to the public. The invitation was made out to ›Thanis‹ as this was the name I was currently traveling under. In the name of the crown they thanked me for getting rid of the boar and invited me to the celebration the next evening. Appended was an instruction for the royal seamstress to turn me into something proper looking for that evening.
So I went over to the sewer, he took my measures and we argued about colors and my sword for a while because I refused to leave it in the tavern during the celebration.
Eventually he grunted: »I’ll speak to the ruler about it.«
Then he sent me to a bathhouse and told me to come back the next day to pick up the clothes for the celebration.
I did as I was told and very soon I arrived at the court. I was feeling pretty secure about my real identity staying a secret as almost half of my face was still hidden under the bandages. And I was almost looking forward to the evening, to playing the commoner idiot-hero who didn’t know full protocol.

As the celebration started, I kept watching the entrance to check I noticed anyone I personally and who I needed to stay away from, but luckily the place filled and nobody like that entered.
I was expecting this evening to go two ways for me: either the nobles would stay away from me like I carried a contagious disease or they would swarm me like I was the monkey of a traveling showman.
It began slow, but as soon as the ruler opened the buffet and movement came into the nobles – and me – I was surrounded by almost a dozen people who wanted to know all the gory details of the fight and asked way too many personal questions about my life.
I was telling stories, some real, some made up and answered all the questions. I was polite and behaving, but I did none of the subtleties of court-protocol a noble would do. Right now I was Thanis, who wasn’t trained in this and only used common sense to copy what he saw from the nobles around him.

After a while the doors to the garden were opened and the nobles took me outside where the orange rays of the setting sun made the world look like it was on fire.
The garden hosted a beautiful, massive, old tree; all around fires were lit in braziers.
The Ruler Narmud of House Karnchin first welcomed the guests and then welcomed the representatives of the spring court: Queen Thanay, Lord Noctiflorou, and Prince Equadorius.
They stepped out from the shadow of the tree and they were some of the most beautiful people I saw. I had heard of Queen Thanay naturally and Prince Equadorius, but I hadn’t known he was that hot. A young face with chipper eyes; black tussled hair; a golden twig like a crown on his head.
Even as they started the ritual – chanting in a language I didn’t know and dancing around the tree until it started to develop it’s first leaf pods – I couldn’t take my eyes off him. I had to put real effort in to not bite my lips or have my tongue move around. It was probably fey magic that pulled me in.
The ritual ended in the moment the sun had fully set – too soon for my liking – and the three vanished back into the tree. I was majorly disappointed. But I kept my face under control, played amazed at the magic – which wasn’t hard, because I was – and clapped with the other spectators.
Soon everyone returned inside and the evening continued with more food, more alcohol and more stories.
I didn’t actually have hopes of seeing Equadorius again. Then, all of the sudden as I was telling some tale, the nobles facing me bowed deeply.
As I I turned to look, I heard a soft voice: »You must be the hero who got rid of the Feymire Boar.«
When I saw him again, my brain stopped working and I just bowed, deeply and properly, forgetting that I shouldn’t be knowing all the details of a proper bow.
He smiled as I rose again and my heart was melting away at his smiling. A memory ending in a black pearl told me I would regret this later.
»It is an honor to meet you, Lord –«, I stammered and he waved his hand dismissive.
»Walk with me – Thanis, is it?«
I nodded and followed after him. The other nobles had stepped back and bowed again as we left. My heart was racing now and I tried so badly to hold on to my composure – thank Leira for all my training.
»What do you think of the celebration, Thanis?«
»It is great. I have never seen something like this«, I made a small gesture pointing towards the tree. Equadorius gave back another smile.
»It is nothing you see every day. But I can imagine you see a lot of interesting things on your travels?«
»Nothing that compares to this«, I answered – only partially truthful – with amazement in my voice. After the dragon rituals there was little that could compare.
»Indeed«, he just said. After a second he continued: »You can count yourself lucky that you've been allowed to see this. Not many people of your status are.«
Internally I laughed out, but I kept a straight face and just bowed my head: »I know. And I am thankful for it. The rest of the time, people of my status just watch the trees sprout in real time.«
He looked amused and curious at my re-tour: »You have some guts. I respect that and therefore will not be offended by this statement.«
»You honor me, my-Lord«, I grinned maybe a bit too hard.
»And your lack of manners are excused too. As is your wearing of a weapon,«
»Bandits have tried to rob me one to many times in taverns during meals.«
»This is no tavern.«
»There is no doubt about that. But there was no doubt about the security of these places either until bad things happened.«
»The guards will take care of any bandits.«
»You mean the guards who failed to take down the beast that I felled?«
He looked at me for a moment and I worried that I had gone too far with my teasing honesty; that he would be angry and I would have to make a quick exit over the garden walls. But then he started laughing out loud and slapped my back: »I like you, Thanis. You are honest.«
I grinned and as our eyes meet, I saw a gaze of admiration and playfulness in his. Below that his gaze was as sharp as a razor. I had to assume he was able to see similar things in mine.

He took me down a dimly lit hallway. We encountered a few scattered nobles with their partner, talking quietly or having already finished that part. This was going great for me.
»So… Are you just not the type for celebrations like that or what plans do you have for me?«, I asked him teasing. He started grinning.
»It is dangerous what you are doing, Thanis«, he spoke my name like it held weight. Which would be correct, if it were my actual name. »...Getting involved with the Fey.«
»And I am sure the people already speak about you stealing the traveler boy«, I answered like his action was as dangerous as mine.
He stopped for a moment and thinks. Then he smiled again and pushed open a door. A lightly lit lounge room appears. A couple of armchairs, but also a couch and a chaise lounge are placed around a fireplace in which only a few candles were burning.
»Please enter«, he said.
»If you promise not to pull me into any obligations that I will only learn later about?«, I looked at him sharp.
He nodded: »I promise this evening will not cause you any unforeseen consequences«, he answered honest and added in a bit more of a goofy tone: »Technically you are my father’s guest so I should not lay a hand on you.«
I offered him my hand as I step towards the door: »But will you do that in the literal sense?«
And princely he took my hand and I lead him into the room, pulling the door close behind him.

We sat down in two armchairs next to each other. We both knew how the evening would go eventually but it was not the time yet. Instead, he was letting me tell him the story of how I felled the beast and I add a couple of other stories similar to that. I choose smaller feats of mine, to not have me found out should he try looking me up after a while. It was a real role reversal for me. Normally I was the one sitting in his place, letting my guest tell me stories before I would fool around with them. But I remembered my current place and played my role well.

Finally wordlessly he got up and moved to sit on my lap gently.
»Can I?«, he asked softly and gestured to my face. I wasn't sure what he wanted to do, but I gave a light nod. He smelled of blooming flowers and wet dirt.
Carefully he started taking off the bandages around my eye. I let him since I knew it was mostly healed up.
A minute passed and he removes the last bit of cloth from my head. Then he stopped for a moment, just taking me in and eventually he traced his thumb below the wound. He was so gentle and soft. I almost didn't felt worthy of his touch.
Another moment of silence passed where he was just looking at me, and I was looking back, still not having opened my eye.
He had a slight smile when he whispered: »Your face is beautiful«
I couldn’t help but blush in that moment and automatically I lowered my gaze.
When I looked back up, I had both eyes open and husked: »Thank you.«
His smile grew wider – it was honest and deep.
»Truly beautiful«, he confirmed and leaned forward into a kiss. I complied happily. He tasted sweet and I wanted more but he and soon pulled back.
»I shouldn't get involved with someone of your status«, he said and it was with pained tone.
»Pretend I am of your status then«, I suggested like it was the easiest thing in the world to do. I kept my voice low and smooth like butter.
He smiled shyly and after another moment he closed his eyes again and pushed me back with his next kiss.
Chapter 4: Arkaniest
Summary:
Arkaniest looks for Pan, and finds him sparring with his old teacher.
Notes:
7 July 2023 - 1k words
Chapter Text
Where did Pan disappear to this time?! Or Faber as he called himself in these lands? And why was he so sketchy sometimes?
Anyway, Arkaniest had been looking for him for half an hour now – he had been gone for two by now. She was walking through the outskirts of the town, looking for any hint of him, asking people if they had seen that scrawny human gremlin. But so far, nobody had. Ticker was soaring above the city, checking if he was sitting on some roof, watching people. The chance was surprisingly high for that.
But Ticker hasn’t found him either and by now Arki was worrying a bit. He had a knack for getting himself into trouble. What if he traveled under Faber here because he was wanted? And someone had found him?

Another 10 Minutes passed and she noticed the sounds of fight-training: wooden swords clashing against each other; grunts of hits; panting; shouting.
There was a chance it was Pan, but there was a higher chance it stemmed from kids playing or something similar so she tried not to hold out too much hope. Still she checked, walking down a narrow allay, out of the settlement and into a connecting forest.
She found herself at the edge of a clearing: On it two people were training with each other. One person was half the size of the other. They were moving with such incredible speed, their movements blurred. The smaller one, a halfling as she came to realize, was jumping around the bigger, hitting him repeatedly but somehow he was managed to keep up, moving with the halfling and blocking almost all the attacks. It almost looked like a strange dance.
Every time the halfling hit a female voice called: »Slow« and despite the call happening almost every minute, he still kept blocking around 90% of her attacks.
What Arkaniest was watching, was a show of fighting skill on the highest level. Eventually the human broke through with an attack of his own, hitting the halfling hard and throwing her back. He himself yelled: »Slow« and she could hear the grin in the voice.

Now that he got the hit in, they both stopped and Arki could get a proper look at both of them: The halfling looked surprisingly old and not as kick-ass as she obviously was. Her hair was tied back in a round braid that started up by the facial hairline. She was stringy, lightweight but the way she moved, made it obvious that she had fullest control of her body. Despite her muscles being almost invisible, they would be made of steel fiber.
The other fighter was a young man, with loose, dark hair. He was not wearing a shirt and therefore revealed a chiseled muscular body, almost looking like a statue. He wasn’t big-muscular, he was lean-muscular. He wore a key on a necklace.
He turned towards the halfling, his muscles rippling under the skin: »Are you good?«
And hearing the voice again it hit Arkaniest who she saw: Pan. FUCK. He was buff. She had seen him shirtless before but it had been some time and with the clothes he wore, she had forgotten what he hid below them.
»Of course. I had worse. You have gotten good, Panagiotis«, she answered grinning. Panagiotis?
He grinned back – that same damn grin Arkaniest had fallen over. »I was good when I left you. I had a good teacher.«
She went over to him and boxed his arm lightly. »Traveling did not hurt your ego.«
Pan continued grinning. He wiped some sweat from his brow, and smeared a bit of dirt over his face with that gesture.
Why did he have so much abs? Why was he suddenly so pretty? Arki was completely stunned because she just wasn’t used to it. With more clothes on, he looked pretty and cute, but now he looked sexy and hot, and Arki was not prepared for it.
»- but apparently I am already missed«, Arki heard Pan saying after zoning out and staring for a moment. She noticed he was looking at her.
The halfling followed his gaze: »Is this your companion?«
Pan nodded and waved her over. Arki wished her brain would work properly while she came and called out: »I was looking for you!«
»You found me«, he answered grinning and went over to his clothes laying at the edge of the clearing, »Sorry for letting you wait so long. I found an old friend of mine.« He picked up his shirt and wiped his face with it. Arki’s only thought was just ›Don’t put it on again.‹
She noticed she was staring at his naked body again.
He noticed too and chuckled, without any malice. »This is my old teacher Xieni. Xieni, this is Arkaniest. She is currently traveling with me.«
The halfling came over to her: »Nice to meet you! I hope you are treating my old student well.«
»I– I am trying«, she stammered.
»She is«, Pan teased, »But I think she needs to restart her brain.«
She tried to punch his arm but he caught her hand. Sometimes she disliked his quick reflexes.
»I should probably go on. And you have left her waiting long enough. But it was great seeing you again. And sparring«, the halfling told him.
»Yes. Same for you. I hope to see you again. Maybe for the Solstice?«
»Maybe. Probably not. Another time in another place certainly. I am glad you kept up your training. Hopefully you do in the future too.«
»That is the plan.«
She smiled, jumped up and slapped his shoulder: »Until then.«
»Stay safe.«
»You too. And you take care of that silly boy«, Xieni told Arki who needed a second to realize she was talking to her.
»Eh, yes. Yes! I will. It was nice to meet you.«
Xieni smiled: »You too« and with that she started to walk away. As Arkaniest looked back to Pan he was putting on his shirt again and a feeling of major disappointment spread in her belly. She tried to push it aside, reminding herself to use logic and to keep her feelings in check.
Pan snapped before her face: »Earth to Arkaniest.«
She looked at him confused.
»Ready to leave or did I fry your brain?«, he asked.
»You did not! And I’ve been ready for an hour!«
»Then let’s go«, and he started walking. Now that he had put on his clothes, he looked so normal again, almost boring.
›Arki, concentrate‹, she scolded herself.
Actions
↑ Top
Kudos
vickilyleft kudos on this work!
Comments
Sorry, this work doesn't allow non-Archive users to comment.
      You can however still leave Kudos!
Footer
About the ArchiveSite MapDiversity StatementTerms of ServiceContent PolicyPrivacy PolicyDMCA PolicySite StatusContact UsPolicy Questions & Abuse ReportsTechnical Support & FeedbackDevelopmentotwarchive v0.9.452.1Known IssuesGPL-2.0-or-laterby theOTW
About the Archive
Site MapDiversity StatementTerms of ServiceContent PolicyPrivacy PolicyDMCA PolicySite Status
Contact Us
Policy Questions & Abuse ReportsTechnical Support & Feedback
Development
otwarchive v0.9.452.1Known IssuesGPL-2.0-or-laterby theOTW